doc: add minutes for meeting Jan 3 2024 (#1488)
nodejs/TSC: meetings/2024-01-03.md

* Moshe Atlow @MoLow (voting member)
* Richard Lau @richardlau (voting member)
* Ruy Adorno @ruyadorno (voting member)

## Agenda

### Announcements

### CPC and Board Meeting Updates

*Extracted from **tsc-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* No updates

### nodejs/node

* Inconsistent behavior of nextTick and queueMicrotask [#51156](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/51156)
  * on agenda as an FYI and ask for more TSC members to engage in the issue

* enable corepack by default [#50963](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/50963)
  * Ruy - give it some more time to discuss in the issue due to the break/holidays
  * Richard, believe it is a separate issue of whether npm is managed by corepack, and
     having it enabled by default. Should be treated separately.

* lib: promote process.binding/_tickCallback to runtime deprecation [#50687](https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/50687)
  * proposal is in <https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/issues/1482>, please jump in there to share your
    preference

* The env var `NODE_V8_COVERAGE` intermittently causes the process to hang [#49344](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/49344)

>   * Richard, believe Chengzong opened and issue, but not sure if it is known to fix this issue or not - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51290>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Richard, believe Chengzong opened a pull request, but not sure if it is known to fix this issue or not - <https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/51290>
```
